So being the owner of the first and second generation Echo Dot I was nervous to purchase this item as I thought that I should go for the larger Echo plus. I needn't of worried, the sound improvement between this and the older models is massive. A real hearty base and more fuller sound. I even ended up buying a second one for upstairs and love the ability to use in stereo mode and the intercom feature is a great way of talking to people in the house without shouting. Check out my video review.

Love it. Bought it for the bedroom. Perfect little size and sound. Got the larger Alexa downstairs so just wanted something small in the bedroom. Love the improvements as much better sound than the old one. Top work again Amazon.

This works well, although once the novelty wears off, I don't know how much I'll use it. I basically have it set up to turn the lights in rooms on and off, as my wife likes to turn on lots of side lights rather than use the main lights, this makes it very easy to switch everything off. I do feel like it's an overkill solution, but it does work, I also use to listen to music, and the speaker is good for my needs. I know it can do lots of other stuff, and I think it will grow into an incredibly useful system as things improve and get easier to integrate, but I am not really prepared to spend lots of time figuring things out at the moment, but will probably over time.

Arrived on time. Given as a present. She loves it. I am slightly hard of hearing so it wasn't as clear as hoped, but great for music and good hearing people as great music sound. I have an echo dot 2nd generation. I prefer this one for sound quality.

Much improved sound compared to the previous version. Much more wholesome audio.

I Like everything about it, from using it to wake me with my chosen radio station to giving me my shopping list, its the best gadget we have ever purchased, we are getting another one for the other room.

When I purchased the previous version of the Dot to go with my Echo, I was always disappointed with the sound quality, the ability to hear my voice and design. Now I got the Dot (3rd Gen), what a difference a generation makes. The design has improved as it looks nice now and bigger. The ability of it to pick up my voice is much improved (no more repeating myself or speaking louder). The audio quality of this device is now brilliant. There seems to be more power and a bigger speaker, and with a flat EQ setting (That's right, EQ settings) the music and voice sounds so much better. Changing the EQ settings (Treble, Mid and Bass) just makes things better. The only downside of it, which is not a biggie to me (Note the 5 stars), is that the power connection is not USB.

I brought this to replace the 2nd Gen Dot in my hallway and wow it's so much better. The audio is clearer and deeper and it can hear me from a distance that the 2nd Gen couldn't. So if you want better audio and a more responsive echo then definitely go for the 3rd Gen. Obviously, they ain't as loud as the bigger Echos I have in other rooms, but if you just want something small and has ok sound to listen to book's recipes act then this is perfect.
 
Hi really nice device and good enough sound, I listen to my purchase from my iPhone by saying Alexa, pair and making sure my Bluetooth is on, on my iPhone when I say to Alexa (Alexa, pair). Then I go to my iPhone and in the Bluetooth option connect it to the amazon echo dot. If you do this you then on your iPhone pick and play your music, Alexa can respond to basic commands like play, pause, skip song, volume, etc...
 
So we have 4 of the second generation dots and was excited to see the new one. Set up was super fast, sound and looks great! Can't wait for the Black Friday special where I can add a few more in the house. Want a cool stand? We used an old bath and body candle stand works perfect and looks great!

I finally found a woman (Alexa) that listens and can be controlled. (Just kidding) Excellent product. This device saves a lot of time by automating my household items and by adding information and music to areas I spend a lot of time in. Eliminates the need from carrying a radio from room to room.

So far so good! I don't have to say Alexa multiple times for it to work. This one hears me every time, the first time. The sound is much better so far.

This version of the Dot is the first one I would recommend to someone who is interested in a smart speaker but not willing to spend much. The biggest drawback to the previous generation was the sound quality/loudness. I use my echoes mostly for controlling connected devices and listening to podcasts, so I felt like the older echo dot was OK for most things I would require. But even for casual music listening, it wasn't up to snuff. The new one actually has bass and sounds good to me, but it's not going to sound like a Sonos or anything and I'm not an audiophile but I do think this will satisfy the majority of people's expectations for $50. I also have the $100 full-size Echo from 2017 and the new echo dot has about 65% of the sound quality and loudness of that model vs the older dot having about 15% of the sound quality of the full-size echo. I have been using this new Dot for a few days without any issues. I love it and I think you should get one!

The unit is a little bigger than before amazing sound and I like the new look. Power wise you don't have the USB option anymore, just regular plug.

This thing is awesome. It sounds so good. This is my first device series and I really like that fact that I can use the app to equalize the sound.

Perfect helper, speaker, home utility.

I liked the speakers improved quality for Music but for the dialogue, it was more clear in the older version. My wife did not like it at all. Unfortunately, I had to return it with a heavy heart.

I love this product. Unfortunately, I Prime Music, an eclectic collection of sorts that fits my various moods. I simply ask Alexa to play or change my songs and in less than a second it is done. No need to bother with changing discs or putting records on a turntable, it is all right there with Alexa waiting to fulfill your request. The sound is clear and the volume control allows me to hear it in most rooms. I almost missed out on this initially because of user error, I beg you, don't give up if you think it doesn't work, Amazon is there to guide you. Thanks to the tech I am now enjoying music that was only on my individual devices. Amazon rocks!

We have the tall Alexa and my husband LOVES it! He was dragging it around the house with him so I decided to get him the Dot for our bedroom. What a great addition! I think I use it now even more as I like the music on when I am getting ready. The best part is I seem to dance more and have started seeing some weight loss! Who would have known this little device would encourage some moves! The speaker sounds great which is an improvement over prior generations, according to my daughter who has one of the first Dots. I would definitely recommend this.

I absolutely love it! Bought to use as a radio/ambient noise device as I fall asleep, but now realize the capabilities FAR exceeded what I initially purchased it for, so I also use it as an alarm clock, Bluetooth speaker for my iPad, personal assistant ("Alexa, add milk to my shopping list"), Amazon Music speaker (which I never used until buying the Dot). The sound quality is really good, especially considering its small size and relatively "budget-friendly" price. I definitely recommend to anyone, and if you're a Prime member...WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR. Don't even "add to cart" just click "buy now" and watch your life get simpler.

This is definitely an upgrade from the 2nd Gen. Echo Dot, both aesthetically and technically. The sound quality is much improved, enough that it could be adequate as a speaker for small spaces such as a bathroom, office, or small bedroom, but it's still not going to blow you away or anything. That said, most people buying a Dot aren't looking for a "music player" and probably plan to pair it with a more capable speaker.

I can't really comment on how it's improved in any other ways, as I haven't done any comparison's other than the obvious mentioned above; but, it works as expected and I'm happy with my purchase.

Much improvement over the last Gen in sound quality. I currently own 5 different echo devices and use the dot for the bathroom, but the second Gen was a little underwhelming during a shower. But, that is no longer an issue. Now if we can just get some decent 3rd party wall or socket mounts for this thing and I'll be set.

I was at the point of returning the device until I called Amazon for help when unable to connect echo dot, after speaking with Kate, who walk me through the process of setting my echo dot up I am very satisfied with the product now. A special thank you to Kate for being patient and helping me set my echo dot up and connecting it to my wifi. Hope to enjoy using echo dot more during this day.

I have been enjoying the Amazon Music but the albums and selections I selected on Amazon Music do not always play upon my request and at times some music I do not like starts playing! Also, the one Echo Dot is all I have and I only want to subscribe to the $3.99/ month option and it will not let me!

I live alone and have nobody to talk to. I get a kick out of this Alexa echo dot, she is not real bright at times but she still needs more input. She is like my very own Johnny five. Give her a try, she can be fun.

Without a doubt - it's quite an impressive creature. It's not perfect, but no tech is perfect. and I love tech. So Amazon added whisper mode today. Experiencing that today - was one of those very special "wow" moments, I called my friends to try out that new feature and they all love it. It does much more than I expected. For quite a while I waited, as I thought "I have my iPhone and Siri...why do I need Alexa?" Well, I love my iPhone and am still very happy I now have an echo dot. I don't have any complaints- just look forward to the continued advancements Amazon's Echo team is doing with the device. The quality of the device is excellent - and the sound it puts out- for its size, really impressive.

Loved the fuller sound. The only thing I hated is that the plug it plugs into takes up a whole regular outlet.

The new Echo Dot is far Superior to the last model. I loved the last generation Dot But this one has it beat. The new Echo Dot looks better, sound quality and base sounds are improved and the new Dot is more responsive to voice commands at a greater distance. I guess you can tell I am an Amazon Echo fan. Good Job Amazon!!!

Get 2! The stereo pairing is impressive. I don't have the sub (yet) - but can say the sound quality is really quite good and an immeasurable improvement over the prior Dot's. If you have your existing dots plugged into external speakers this may not be that big a deal - but if you're using the original Dot standalone - DO NOT HESITATE, no this is not audiophile quality, but seriously impressive for the size. I would say the sound is equivalent to what the Tap is able to do.

I like it better than the 2nd Gen Dot and echo. Glad I waited for it to be released. Now I need a battery base for it.

I have several Dots - this being my 1st 3rd Gen. I didn't have to do anything using the app - I plugged it in and it started up all by itself, a nice surprise. Since each of mine are in separate rooms and not connected by Bluetooth, they basically work individually. To be honest, I see no difference except for looks, in this and its' previous Generation 2 model. I know for those of you who have several working as a unit some of the newly added features might be important.

I am a fan of Alexa. I have or have had just about every Echo device Amazon has manufactured, plus some third party for my car, Bose 500 Speaker, and the Bose 700 Soundbar. Throughout this, since the release of the first Dot, there have been Alexa Dots in my life. This is the best yet. Sure the footprint is a little bigger, but I like that. The cloth cover is attractive and has a nice feel. This Dot 3E connected to my household WiFi immediately. The sound is much improved. Overall a better Dot. In fact, after the first, I went back and bought two more. I travel frequently in my work, and one of them will go in my suitcase. These days Dot works well in an hotel room. Highly recommended.

I just purchased bundle too, and agree totally with everything first reviewer said - that said I've inky gotten lights thus far echo coming Friday but I already have a 2nd Gen echo dot and Echo Fire TV Cube so getting new Dot will be fun to try the better speaker. I also have a Bluetooth Bose Soundlink Mini I have not paired echo to yet but do pair with tv and also my phone for Pandora so yes it would work fine I'm sure. Anyhow, you can't miss with the new Dot and the lights are AMAZING to have! All my light switches seem to be in far end of room or be an overhead string! It's so nice to turn on and off via voice or app and not stumble around in dark trying to turn on! Oh, and they dim in 100 increments! Sweet!

Typical Echo Dot. Looks cool and sounds great. This generation used a Micro USB and I need to use a much shorter power cord connected to a Din Rail power supply. Any idea what voltage and exactly what type of power plug these new devices use?? I can figure it out on my own but if somebody already has this info, you'll save me some research time. This generation uses a push in round power connector.

Of course, the setup was easy. Just plugged it in and it used my account information and set up with no added effort from me. It feels nice - the fabric outer shell. The response is fast, given the increased number of listening microphones. But the biggest difference for me between the 2nd generation and this 3rd is the sound. Huge improvement! And get this: IMHO the sound from the 3rd Gen rivals the sound from the 1st Gen Echo! I personally think it's better. I bought two for my workout room and paired them to play the stereo. Very nice sound! I ended up grabbing a 3rd one for the bathroom!

I purchased my 3rd Gen Dot from Target. I bought it on a whim, not expecting much. I have a 2nd Gen Dot in the garage hooked up to a speaker because of the weak sound. Boy was I surprised. Unlike the 2nd Gen this bad boy has some serious volume coming out of it and it can actually produce music with sonic value. I was amazed at the sound and volume coming from this tiny speaker. It must think it is a Bose Speaker. I compared it to the Google version and there is no comparison. It now looks like a premium speaker too, also better looking than the Google unit. For a small speaker you can't do any better and the price is right on.

I bought the dot to control a smart light in a bedroom. I also bought the new echo plus as a hub. I installed the echo, got the light up and running, and waited for the dot to arrive (I didn't order it soon enough to get it opening day). The dot arrived, I plugged it in, and it was good to go - I didn't have to do anything. I just asked Alexa to turn the light off and off it went. In the middle of the night I asked Alexa to play a prime music "sleep" playlist I like, and it started right up. I know it can do much more, but those are the two most important things to me and they work great so far.

I have had my Dots for a few days. The main reason I bought 2 was so I could listen to music and have it play in multiple rooms. I only use Pandora because I already have all my stations set and it's easy to add or remove stations. But setting up the Pandora in the Dot was a pain. And Alexa doesn't respond well to voice when asking to play Pandora music. A lot of the times she says she cannot find the music, so I've been turning on through the App, but often times it will pause in the middle of a song so I have to go into the App and un-pause it. It's a pain, and I hear others are having an issue with Pandora as well.

This is a nifty little device. Setup takes about 10 minutes via the Amazon Alexa app- isn't too big of a deal. We mostly use it for playing music, checking the weather, etc. We don't have it paired with lights or door locks or any of that kind of stuff that I'm to understand it can control as well. It can tell jokes and answer some funny questions. The only thing I could say could be improved is sometimes there is a solid 3-4 second delay between asking it something and it's answer. It's very small, sleek, not obnoxious looking. I have 3 Dots and an Echo in the house to accommodate my needs for different rooms. I have seen some complaints about the Dot's speaker- I have found no issue with it, if you are just casually listening to music while you cook, or having it read your recipe directions or something, this device is perfectly fine.

We're in our 70's, but can't let technology march on without us. We wanted to make our house up-to-date. Even if we didn't "Need" it, we wanted it. So much fun. We talk to it all the time. We make reminders, we have other shopping lists named for stores we shop at. We ask for our news station on Radio.com, or our 60's music on Pandora. We drop-in from upstairs to downstairs without having to yell through the house. We attached smart plugs and turn lights on and off in different rooms by voice command; we have timers and our bedroom lights go on and off on schedule. We say "Goodnight" and get a different Goodnight response with our names nightly. My husband bought Nest thermostats from the Electric Company PSEG (they were offering a deal with an energy rebate). We didn't get them yet so I can't comment on how they work.

We've several 2nd generation Echo devices in our house and I decided to order one of the newer models during a Black Friday sale. I am amazed at the difference in sound - it's excellent for such a small device at the sale price or the typical price. I hate reading some reviews where people are critical of the sound. It's as if they think they can spend $25-$50 on a device and get the equivalent sound quality of a multi-hundred dollar speaker system - be real. It's much fuller than 2nd Gen and the bass is actually noticeable, but it's not a multi-hundred dollar speaker. Also, I don't see many speakers of better quality out there capable of controlling smart plugs, set thermostats, play games and give out the news and weather, as well as read out appointments on a calendar, etc.

I love my echo so much that I've bought 4 more since. One for each of my three teens and one for my sister in law. We all absolutely love it. I use it when to listen to my audio book while cleaning or just listening to music. There is so much more you can do with it. I now want one in every room of my house. My only complaint is because I have three teens and you can only add one adult to your amazon household, we can't use ours as an intercom system. They each had to make their own amazon account to be able to connect theirs to their individual Spotify accounts. It was very frustrating, but I guess we will have to live with them not being connected to each other even though I was really looking forward to that aspect of use.

Well, what can I say other than this Dot is similar to the other Generations, except the sound quality is much better. I have google home / home mini and other Echo products. I had a home mini in the kitchen because it had better sound, after i received the 3rd gen Dot I put it in the much used kitchen. (Wife and I like to listen to music when cooking).

One of the other things to note my wife says the Echo (s) works better, she says that she almost never has to repeat herself. She would complain that the Google doesn't hear her correctly and she would have to repeat herself. I agree with the echo seems to allow for wider variations of phases / words / or voices VS. Google home.

This little puck does a great job at understanding the whole family, even with pronunciation variances. I own Dot Gen2, Dot Gen3, and Show. Comparing them, I found the Gen3 to be so much better than the Gen2 - a lot fewer "I'm not sure" and "I don't understand". It's also greatly better than the Show (which I now consider to be garbage). I actually bought the Gen3, so I could move the Gen2 from center stage (our Rec Room) to our bedroom, move the Show to center stage, and use the Gen3 in our Living Room. Well, when I made the Show center stage, I soon discovered it's useless, unless you interact with it from 2 feet away (something I didn't realize because it was always on my office desk right in front of me). Long story short, the Gen3 is now my center stage device, and I am now much much happier.

I received a new Echo Dot for Christmas this year and let's just say I fell in love! However, two weeks after starting to use my Dot, the speaker is already blown (and at first I was originally impressed with the sound quality). And I haven't used it with the volume up loud or anything. Light music use and a few commands. I'm really disappointed because I love all the uses for Alexa. And I can't return it for a replacement since it was a gift. Bummer.

The Echo Dot/Alexa is awesome. We were a bit skeptical at first, but we like the idea of being able to wake our kid up and have reminders without having to be the one's in the room doing it. Our daughter loves Alexa, she reads her stories, answers her random questions and is able to play games. We also love Alexa, from setting alarms to also playing games. The dot also has a decent little speaker to play music on. All and all I would not hesitate to buy another echo to add to another room. Also we bought 2 initially and paired them together with the smart plugs (full control of the kid tv without having to get up to turn it off).

Have three of the Echo Installed and absolutely love them. Easy to set up and enjoy. So many uses, I use for my outside lighting and inside lighting. It's a clock, a weather report, so many endless things you can ask. Love the shopping list and to do list. Also, app on phone and when you go to the grocery store its right there, all the things you tell Alexa to add to your list. Plays my playlists, changes channels, and controls the recorded shows. There is so many uses as listed in description. I didn't realize how useful the Echo would be until I got them and started using Alexa controls.

This is a fun device. Alexa is always ready with a quick quip or a short story. She is also very good about playing the music I want to listen to. There are many songs that I like to play on my ukulele, and if I don't know the correct tune then Alexa will play it for me until I get it right. She is amazingly patient. She also does good weather for the local area and answers multiple questions as a go about my day. Things like how many teaspoons in a tablespoon, or how man grams in 8.5 ounces, or what the square root of 262.3. She's almost like a very smart family member. She's humble too.

I never owned a first Gen Dot, but I did use one. I also own two second Gen Dots (as well as an Echo and a Tap). I got a third Gen Dot for free during a Sirius XM promotion, and now I'm really considering upgrading my two second gens, the sound is much better, but the microphone improvements are also noticeable! Some of the reviews knock the speaker, but let's be honest, you're never going to get a full spectrum of sound in this size. The real power of the Dot is the ability to hook it up to an external speaker, whether wired or Bluetooth. This continues to be my favorite Alexa product, at least of the ones I've tried. Definitely a good buy if you're looking for a smart speaker!

I'm impressed with the improvements made to this echo dot. From the simple color options to the more bass in the speaker with a relative clean & simple look. I have other echo dots throughout my home and made sure that this latest version was in a spot that I use the most. Happy with my purchase.

Connects just as easily as the 2nd gen dots and easily add to the app. Physically almost twice as heavy which helps it to feel more solid previous models. Last thing....the sound! Can honestly say it as good as google devices. So impressed I'm going to start replacing all the other dots, but Amazon didn't like the iPhone video for some reason.

When my "Alexa" version 1 lost her life, and was dead, I needed a smart speaker by my bed as I fall to sleep every night listening to the radio. It is the reason I started out on this adventure of using "robot" like objects to ease the pain of being OLD! Hahaha. Safe to say, the Dot was just right as I do not have complicated needs, just radio, alarm, turn the radio off, and "what time is it?" I have another smart speaker in my kitchen for listening to the radio, making grocery lists, turning on and off my kitchen light, and hall light. You see, pretty easy. I love

I'm super happy with these. We bought 5 of them. We use them to announce to the kids all over the house that it is dinner time or time to leave or whatever. We have music on all the time. They are great. I would love if they would integrate these into a mesh networking system, then it would be even more useful, being able to have the whole Alexa experience, but also work as an access point. The speaker sounds great. Many reviews say they don't like the sound, but they can connect to other speakers via plug or Bluetooth, so the functionality is still there. Definitely worth the price.

This is a night and day upgrade for the Echo Dot (2nd Gen) for music. The old Dot (2nd Gen) was tinny and did not sound good for music, the new Dot (3rd Gen) is awesome. It actually has some good bass and is totally listenable on its own without needing to pair a Bluetooth speaker when listing to music. You can still pair the new Dot if you want to, but it sounds so much better than the old one you probably don't need to in a small to medium room. I really like the 3rd Gen Dot it looks beefier, but is still nice and small. It sounds as good if not better than a Google Home Mini (IMHO). Great upgrade got a $5 credit for turning in my old 2nd Gen Dot plus a 15% discount on a new 3rd Gen Dot. Totally worth the price, especially if you don't have an external Bluetooth speaker on your 2nd Gen Dot. If you like to listen to music and don't have a BT speaker to pair your old Dot with this is a no brainer. Highly Recommend.