Awful. Truly awful. I replaced my 2nd Gen Echo Dot with what I thought would be an improvement, but how wrong I was. The old Gen2 had a crisp, clear voice, which was easily understood. The Gen3 has so much bass, that nobody in the family knows what it said. I've tried "Turn down the bass", only to be told that "It's already all the way down". The equalizer is equally useless. If Amazon doesn't issue a software fix soon, then it will be going back.

I bought this product to set up a multi-room music system with my current Echo Dots. Currently, the app is being really buggy and won't let me set up the multi-room group. Once you select one device, it automatically says the other devices cannot be reached. So annoying! Please fix this bug Amazon.

Horrible and invasive. Total invasion of private password protected networks. Overtakes private home Wi-Fi when it only needs a blue tooth for device connection. Threw it away after one day of not being able to block the device from entering every app or website to access private accounts and passwords. A true invasion of privacy.

Very disappointing. Alexis sounded like she was under a thick blanket. After talking with customer service, we tried various things which did not help. They said send it back and they sent another which I received in two days. It seemed a little better, but not much. I have two 2nd Gen echo dots and they are fine. I found both 3rd gens to have a very muddy bass sound for music and the high end sounds frequently were slightly distorted. Alexis' voice was so muffled that her voice was unintelligible at times. I sent the second one back for a refund and bought a second Gen echo which is just fine. I think they got the design wrong on this one. In trying to make it sound fuller for music, they actually made the sound less clear and sharp. I must add that the customer service experience was a very pleasant one.

While setting up Alexa Dot, it asks for contact information sharing to enable calls, etc. Later you learn that this feature is not available (without perhaps pairing with a phone). But then there is no way to remove these contacts once you have provided them. I felt that they deliberately misled me into providing them contacts, which is irreversible. I wish others who go through setup do not make the same mistake I did.

I was unable to fight my way thru the Alexa App and Echo Dot settings. You need a lot of streamlining before this thing will become popular with your average user. I was disappointed too that you can't easily use your own music with it.

Multiple chats support with Amazon to figure out why echo dots will randomly stop playing music across the house. Absolutely no improvement as a result of support. Apparently this is rare according to chat support; however, plenty of people report the issue. These devices should be convenient, but are extremely frustrating due to randomly stop. Sometimes 1 device, sometimes 2. I ended up returning all 3 after the issue never resolved itself and support wasn't able to suggest a fix or even a reason as to why it was happening.

I haven't had this for a month and it doesn't do what I need it to do when I need it to do it. I've done 2 factory resets, now I'm being told that I have to do a third to make it work. I just want some music and to voice control lights. This hassle isn't worth the reward. Maybe if you have a fully automated home it's worth the wand trouble, but for me - it's a buggy pain in the butt.

Unfortunately, I have already put it back in the box. It's too big, the power adapter is huge and covers multiple plugs on a power strip where the 2nd-gen adapter was a normal size. Also, I don't care for the deeper and somewhat 'muffled' sound. It's probably just me, yet the 3rd-gen is huge like a big fat donut, Amazon should just have stuck with the basics for the Dot.

After following the instructions to add the Alexa app I received a message that there was a problem. I tried again, and again. Finally, I was referred to a website called 'fix it'. There I was told by the 'techs' that my Amazon account was in jeopardy and that I needed to buy a firewall from them. Then they wanted to sell me some kind of WiFi adapter even though we have WiFi. Hundreds of dollars to activate a $50 item. I don't know why the problem arose, but I canceled the firewall and ended the hour-long ordeal. I was charged $50 for tech time. I am returning the Echo Dot, which is functional as far as I was able to tell.

I bought this to replace my old Echo Dot Gen 2. I am very disappointed. Alexa sounds distant and muffled. Music playback and the alarms sound normal. There is something wrong when she speaks and I have to turn the echo dot up. The only problem is, when the alarm goes off in the mornings it's super loud. Wish they would add new volume settings is this is going to be the norm going forward. Also, very disappointed in the Amazon customer service. I was supposed to have a callback yesterday morning between 8:30am-9:30 AM CST and it never happened. I will be requesting a replacement device and I'm leaving this bad review in part because of the failed customer service promise.

Horrible sound quality. Bought at the Amazon desk at Kohl's and had for one day and am having a hard time returning it.

Be careful when ordering. I specifically said that I did not want nor need a payment plan and this was put on one anyway. I am having trouble getting this resolved. The problem seems to be with Amazon.

Never played music out of the device, it is linked to a Bluetooth speaker. After one day of simple questions and answers, the speaker is blown. Received a device as part of a promotion, wanting to get a home assistant/smart speaker I thought I'd give this a try. Needless to say, I'll be purchasing a Google Home or Apple Home Pod. Had much better expectations from Amazon - very disappointed.

Use it for regular use to control my smart home devices. It's worse than the 2nd Gen I have, it doesn't respond properly, doesn't hear and understand my voice consistently, will perform operations other than intended, and some of the settings I applied through the app, doesn't seem to work on the device. Coming in from 2nd generation echo dot which was an amazing experience, the 3rd Gen turned out to be a huge disappointment and a terrible experience to control my smart home.

Alexa is an ass. Connecting this thing is so difficult and cannot connect to free WiFi or WiFi with a user name and password. Setup should be done with Bluetooth, not WiFi this is crap!

Omg, I wanted to love this since I have the older version, but this new date is really glitchy. It has constant static issues while playing music. Also, it does not pick up your voice commands about 90 percent of the time when you're streaming. You have to literally yell at it to get it to respond. The response time also lags compared to the older Dot. I bring my Dots with me traveling to other countries, so don't really have an option to return this in time so I'm really disappointed. Stuck with a faulty bad product. Amazon, you Southold have better quality control in place.

Disappointing. I thought I'd get a better, clearer sound. It's louder (which I didn't really need) but both speech and music are mushy. Much easier to understand spoken or sung words with the 2nd Generation. The extra volume does not compensate for the loss of clarity.

First echo (dot) that I've owned. The sound started being distorted 2nd day having it. Looked at the reviews and found someone having the exact same issue "When playing music, sometimes the sound seems distorted especially the highs (trebles). If it happens, I have to tell Alexa to change music. But after several minutes it will be distorted again."

I DO NOT LOVE THE 3RD GEN DOTS. I LOVE MY AMAZON ECHO DOTS, at least the 2nd Gen Dots. I have found them to be a wonderful asset. Easy access to music, Audiobooks, to do lists, grocery lists. They have made my life easier and being helpful to organize. However, I would NEVER AGAIN purchase the 3rd Gen. I currently have three 2nd Gen. (Kitchen, Bedroom, Laundry Room) I was enticed by the "more powerful, clearer speaker". It was on sale in the fall for the same price as a 2nd Gen. I decided one more, with a better speaker, would be ok for the kitchen and move the kitchen one to the office. BIG MISTAKE!!! I feel I can usually trust Amazon, but this speaker is fuzzy, garbled, not NEARLY as good as the others. I didn't realize I could return it and didn't try until after the window for return had lapsed. I am VERY DISAPPOINTED and want to save anyone else from disappointment. Buy and Echo Dot, just not 3rd GEN!!!

Setup was easy. Worked ok for 2 hrs. Without any input, the green light went off and I can hear some random people's private conversation for over 15 mins. I tried to talk back, but I guess they couldn't hear me. There was nothing in my activity. I recorded some of it for proof, but, Amazon CS wasn't surprised or concerned. They want to gladly help me reset my device and return it to best buy, where I purchased it from. I am not posting the video as I am concerned about the other person's privacy. I am glad this all happened to me in 2hrs of plugging the device. Don't wait for this to happen to you. Unplug and throw it away.

I traded in my echo dot 2 and replaced it with the echo dot 3, because of the raving reviews of the better speaker. Yes, the speaker is instantly noticeable, but do you know what else is noticeable? Alexa has a much tougher time understanding me. I got both the dot 2 and google home mini, and the home mini just says there collecting dust because the dot 2 could understand everything I threw at it, even with a noisy background.

My son loves Amazon Math, but now he gets frustrated because Alexa couldn't able to understand him. Plus, if anyone else is talking in the background Alexa will not understand. We never had any problem with Alexa understanding us on the dot 2. This is a huge downgrade, not an upgrade. I regret trading in my dot 2 very much.

I don't like it as much as I thought I would. Too much bass and hard to hear when making voice commands to Alexa.

I have multiple Echo devices (First Gen echo, First Gen echo dot, newer echo) and I've found that this device understands me maybe 10% of the time. Names of lights and routines are misunderstood nearly all the time as I am asked to clarify what I'm asking. I have only had this issue with the 3rd generation dot. I finally just unplugged the echo in frustration.

Took this hockey puck thing out of the box and almost immediately it began to attract dirt and dog fur. Everything just clings to it; especially the rubber bottom. Also, I'm not really sure what it's supposed to do. It didn't come with any instructions so it's basically what it looks like, a hockey puck. After leaving this review Amazon contacted me immediately to basically tell me I had no idea what I was talking about and push just how great their product is. It's not. Even Amazon doesn't think very highly of this thing. After I paid $50 for it, they're basically giving it away now! I feel like I've been scammed!

The biggest piece of garbage amazon has ever sold!!!! Purchased one a week ago and didn't work, Amazon replaced immediately. The same issue will not stay connected to the internet. Must be my internet right? Well, guess google home and every other product in the house works fine and Amazon products (firestick, Alexa, echo) don't work with Spectrum internet. Will not buy again, will return this one and DO NOT recommend this product at all!

I own 1st generation Echo and Tap and decided to give this a try to use in other rooms. I was able to play from Amazon Music with no issue. However, there was a bad static after a few minutes of playing music. I reset it by unplugging it and plugging in back on and the distortion went away for a few minutes but came back again. Also paired it with my phone via Bluetooth and played music from iTunes. The same problem, after a few minutes, there was bad distortion.

Only works when it feels like it. Everything will work from the apps. But dot just decides to not work at all, work one or two lights. Junk. Amazon needs to get these to work. Can't return so I am stuck with trash. I have automated so much of my home and spent a lot of money doing it and the dot is the weakest link. If you are going to automate your home, I would not recommend using Alexa at all. Think it is still beta junk! Support is useless!

I have lots of 2nd Gen Echo Dots and wanted to like the new 3rd Gen Echo Dot. Unfortunately, I couldn't get past the change in fidelity to a larger driver that over-emphasizes base frequencies and under-emphasizes the rest (like the taller new Echo). The only improved thing about it as far as I can tell is that it can get louder and pair with another in a stereo arrangement. I can compensate by using an equalizer and external amplified speakers (a great result that way), but what's the point in paying 3 times for what could've been done right the first time. (BTW, before you ask, let me add that you can't just ask Alexa to turn down the base -- that turns down *all* base frequencies, not just the over-emphasized boomy ones.) For regular rooms I prefer the older 2nd Gen Echo Dot or Echo to the newer ones.

I have 2 original echo dots, a first Gen Echo and a second Gen Echo and this is by far the worst. The microphone pickups are terrible. When I asked Alexa a question to this 3rd Gen dot from 8 feet away it does not hear the question, yet the 2nd Gen Echo in a bedroom with the door closed can hear me and does answer? This Dot replaced the 1st Gen Echo that was placed 20 feet away in the kitchen and had no problem hearing and responding. Did the race to the bottom on costs lead to cheaper inferior microphones? I see there are only four on this one.

Alexa didn't respond when ask for simple command, even the ones on instruction. The light will come on, in a second it will turn off. Or I will give the command super fast before the unit when to sleep mode.. and no respond. Very frustrating to deal with this crap. I send it back. If you want to get frustrated, then buy this unit.

I ordered two of these. I plugged the first one in and sunk it up with my Wifi and was eager to see how it worked. The voice commands DO NOT WORK! If you hit the work button on top it works and responds to questions and commands. But just standing in the room and saying "Alexa" doesn't work. Hooked up the second one and the same results. Not satisfied at all.

Sound quality is poor and music can sound distorted. Also, many times it does not even respond to a command. My other Echos can hear "hey Alexa" from far away this dot many times doesn't respond unless I am within less than 10 feet. I'd return the thing if I hadn't already missed the return window.

Everything I play on this device now plays on all my other devices. I can't get it to play ONLY on the Dot. I scared the heck out of my roommate this morning when my alarm went off on the Dot and on the Show that's in my family room. I previously had the 2nd Gen - I'm going to plug that one back in and return this piece of garbage. (FYI, I've also been on "chat" with the tech department for about 30 minutes. They keep asking me the same things I already answered. They must be AI also and not real humans. Shame on you Amazon)

I have several 2nd generation Echo dots and recently received this 3rd generation one. I switched out one of the others for this new one and immediately noticed a difference in the sound, and not in a good way. No matter how I adjust the bass or treble, it sounds hollow and much less clear than the earlier generation. I listen to Audible books and music every day and immediately heard the difference with the 3rd Gen dot. This was received "free" as part of a package with another order, so I can't return it for a refund, and I feel like a replacement would do the same, so it will definitely be going out to the shop, where it will be rarely used. Pros: It looks gorgeous and very modern. Cons: Sound is much less clear.

Honestly, I am really disappointed. I was really happy to receive my first Alexa product, and I loved it at first. However, today I tried using the speaker many times and Alexa kept saying "I cannot recognize your voice right now. Please try again later". I am able to play music using the app, and the sound is the same as always but for some reason, it seems the voice recognition is not working. This is an okay temporary solution, but if I had just wanted a speaker I could have gotten a portable Bluetooth speaker or one with better sound. I would like a product replacement or a refund, please.

I keep receiving the message "No internet connection" when trying to connect the WiFi even though my Echo (1st Gen) works and this Kindle Fire tablet which I am writing this review. Maybe the "DOT" I received was defective I don't know.

After using the new Dot for several weeks, I have to lower the rating by yet another star. The sensitivity of the microphones is pathetic. You essentially have to stand right next to it a shout to have it act upon the voice command. It also takes significantly longer to respond, as if the processor that is being used in this V3 is less powerful than the one in V2. Stay away from the third-generation dot!

Constantly having issues with playback, stops playing music randomly. Won't connect to other smart devices. Don't buy this, BUY GOOGLE SMART DEVICES, AMAZON WILL CHEAT YOU!!!!!!!!!

This new unit has tried to push a lower sound more than anything. Alexa used to be crisp and clean - very easy to understand. Now she sounds like she's talking into a carpet and it's extremely hard to hear her. I've tried changing the EQ settings (which are great) but apparently, they don't work on Alexa's voice. The response time is also noticeably slower than the second generation. If you already have an Echo Dot (2nd Gen), don't waste your time. If you're looking for better music quality, I would suggest one of the MANY third-party add-on speakers instead of this 'upgrade'.

Requires Dot app that doesn't work. I thought this was somewhat independent, but requires an app that is apparently unsupported. I called support but wasn't able to get through in a timely manner. They contacted me the next day. I ultimately got through the setup without their help.

I have 6 Dots, four Echos, two Shows and one Tap. I conduct a lot of training for an Occupational Therapist on the benefits of a smart home. I have been able to set up all of my devices (except the Tap for obvious reasons) to be able to play music throughout my home. All of these were straight forward to connect together. However, I cannot connect the new 3rd generation Dot I got on October 11 (I preordered it when it was announced in September). I don't know what I am doing wrong, but the setup was just like all of the others - same Wi-Fi network and using the new Alexa smartphone interface. This is also the case for my Android and iPads. On top of all of this, the Help selector on the smartphone interface does not work, so it does not give me any assistance. Perhaps this was rushed to market too soon.

It's hit or miss, disconnects from WiFi w/o reason, pain in the neck to reconnect. Don't waste your time or money.

I tried to do the right thing. Our entire home is connected to the Amazon ecosystem and dependent on the Dot as our main hub. The 3rd Gen was failing to respond so I called tech support and after an hour on the phone nothing had changed. They wanted to start a repair ticket and it will take up to three days for a response. So now my automated home is on its knees since I'm unable to use Alexa to control functions. Now, if tech support determines it's to be replaced, I'll have to wait even longer for a replacement for a device still under warranty! Next time I will just start a return and have a new one in two days. Not impressed Amazon, you need to rethink how you handle your adapters of your tech when they have invested time and money into your system.

Come on, guys. How can these devices get such great ratings? I have to repeat things to it over and over again. It cannot pick up your voice from across the room, let alone when there is any noise in the room. Let alone music. I have the 2nd Gen and 3rs Gen. Both same thing. It's like OK Google in the car. I just wish it had feelings so I could choke the life out of it.

Purchased the Exho for the music playing ability. Worked flawless in the first 2 weeks, then had several issues with volume and connecting to linked skills requiring me to unplug and "reset" Alexa. On 3/30/19 I changed SiriusXM accounts. New account linked in skills, but would no longer play on My echo. Contacted customer service who attempted to troubleshoot and was unable. I was told it would be escalated and I would receive a call at 24-hours. No call came and I have since emailed and spoke with customer service 2x/ea. Now 2-weeks later and this has started as just a glitch on my echo that it literally worked one minute, but not the next, to a system-wide issue with SiriusXM and no anticipation of when it will be resolved. The only information I have received now is that it has been escalated to a Master ticket and it is being worked on.

I received 2 of these free with my recent purchases of Amazon Blink cameras. The blink cameras were actually easier to set up than the echo dot. After spending 2 hours trying to set it up and figure it out, I finally gave up. Both are now sitting in boxes. It's totally useless in my opinion. It basically is just a voice command station which my phone already does. Everyone talks about what a wonderful speaker it has but I never got it to work with music. That's the most disappointing part of all. All I heard was "I'm sorry. I don't understand that command." Smart??? My dog is smarter! I wish I could return them and get money back for them but they were free. Glad I didn't have to pay for them.

I'm really disappointed in this third generation dot. My prior generations have worked like champs, but are pretty basic looking and sound pathetically tinny. This third generation fixes both those problems, but at the cost of basic functionality. I've had to set mine up three times already, and it will acknowledge commands and then not execute them 9 times out of 10. Keeps losing wifi connection too. Went back to my 2nd generation dot right next to this new one, with no problems. Either I got a dud or these new ones are super finicky. And new, bigger adapter now takes up two spots on the power strip. Inexplicable design choice.

I already had two 2nd Gen Echo Dots and was happy with them. Nevertheless, I eagerly bought two more 3rd Gen Echo Dots when I heard that Amazon had improved the sound. What a huge disappointment. The Alexa functionality is the same (which is great) but the sound is absolutely terrible. At times Alexa's response is unintelligible, even after repeated attempts. The voice is very muffled as if it is covered by a thick blanket, and this is even after trying to tweak the base/treble using the app. I equate Amazon's attempt to improve the 2nd Gen Echo Dot to New Coke (which failed terribly)! Trust me, given the choice, get the 2nd Gen Echo Dot, or wait until a 4th Gen comes out and keep your fingers crossed. The 2 new Echo Dots I bought will be stored away in a box as last resort, spares in case my 2nd gens ever fail.

I received this product free as Amazon had some promotional thing going when I ordered my Blink camera. I have tried in vain to set this thing up numerous times. I should point out that I'm fairly tech savvy and can program all my other tech type stuff without any issues. But this thing can't seem to locate my televisions, no matter what I do. I only have so much in patience and I reached it today. I really don't like the fact that you have to provide so much personal information in setting it up. I thought I'd give it a try to use it to run the televisions in the house. But after so many tries I'm fed up. I am already greatly uncomfortable with the reach that Google has into our lives. I have embraced technology pretty well, but I refuse to rely on the intrusion of this device to do things for me that I am completely capable of doing. I wanted to return it, but it appears that I'm stuck with it and thank goodness I didn't shell out any money on this paperweight.

I was looking forward to this gadget, heard all types of great things about it, family members have one so I wanted it too. Well, it came a few days ago and that excitement turned into a nightmare. Man, it was the most stressful thing ever. What seems so simple as watching videos about it did not go in my favor. Every time I tried to get hooked up it would say, you're not registered. Followed all the checklist to remedy this situation, but no success. Tried calling for help, no success. Literally did all the steps probably more than 10x and then tried it again with whatever changes to see if it would work. Failed. I'm returning this and bid this good riddance. This was not the outcome I was hoping for and after reading some negative issues about having echo dot I'm now glad it didn't work. I've read some really scary stuff about it. Get unhooked now, you'll thank me later. BIG FAIL!

After seeing 60 Minutes and t/w my work IT Dept I decided not to keep this or Alexis. Sent it back and now I realize I should have printed 2 labels, but they both came in the same box! I keep getting notices that I need to return it and I have. I can't email Amazon and can find nowhere to let them know. Maybe they can respond to this. In all my years with Amazon, this is the first complaint I've had and the 4th time I have ever returned something. Maybe I'm missing it. There was nothing wrong with the product that I know of, I didn't even take it out of the box. Just opened and closed. I returned Alexis so one would gather I don't need this.

This product is for gadget lovers only. DO NOT BUY if you are DISABLED! The Brian Injury Alliance of NJ bought this as gift for adopt family for me and it no cool beans. Alexa does not recognize my voice. The device options are extremely limited and no good for what I need as a "companion aid" as the BIANJ stated when gave me. The feedback and Amazon folks have been quiet and I email often. I unplug the device and no more try use. The green light forever keeps going off and I no on call or set up for drop in so what the what!! It is either defective model or beyond useless for a brain injures person. FYI - the reminders no repeat so if you no hear you no get a reminder. The sound options have many BUT devices still play the default ANNOYING sound and not one chosen. If this device is handy for the disabled, then I need a new caseworker at the BIANJ cause she no cool beans help me with this device and the amazon team no helps me either!! Waste of my adopt family moneys not the happy.